fire it up this week on great TV a bacon
recipe for the perfect summer BLT first
to the garden for a nice tomato then to
the grill so we can top it with some pig
candy we are coming to you from the
birthplace of American barbecue it's
great TV time
Jack wait boys you're a three-time South
Carolina state champion I'm go west with
barbecuetricks.com as seen on BBQ
pitmasters this is the first show after
the show bill are you getting great
response you know I am so done having
great TV great response from barbecue
Pittman can you watch that online you
can't on itunes i tou so you can go to
its destination America nation America
what was your episode called Hoover
called Oh cute oma so look for that
Jack wave war and give it you can
probably read it give it a thumbs up
give it a thumbs up and hey we're
excited about it I'm where I'll trick
the shopton I have got a blue moon agave
nectar just cuz that's the one I grabbed
George cheer and in awhile since we've
been around it is it's summertime and
early April we did a show with the pizza
grillstone oh we got to be good the
piece of girls town away don't wait yes
great it's over here we gave away a
pizza grillstone and we haven't pulled
the name so the name is Drummle and all
that I owe I owe s o
Twigg io io s o twig congratulations you
won an island grillstone courtesy great
TV a youtube subscriber and also comment
a to thank you so since it's summertime
we just grabbed some nice tomatoes
you're going to do a BLT right yeah
we're gonna do uh we're gonna quit today
because well it's it's summertime and
you want quick meals in the summertime
you want them to be kind of a
sustainable if you want to call it the
kind of things we went through the
garden
picked up some tomatoes got us some
lettuce so I'm gonna make some pig candy
and of course pecan elated bacon down on
some foil
put some sugar on it
sir and then off to the grill we go so I
got these brown sugar now I'm gonna go
off to the girl see you in a minute
dangerous while he's doing that let's
take a look at some great plates
dangerous cuts could flare out some
great plates today coming from Alexander
Carlson those look wonderful bunch of
slabs of baby backs on me looks like
he's getting them ready for the outside
for the indoor grill oh he's got his
homemade barbecue sauce we put that on
the website they didn't go that's
wonderful thanks also for a nice looking
have you heard that word before bond
Eola bond you love pork that's pork neck
bounty ELISA is a word I think the
picnic another batch of pork butts
coming from it looked like they'll be
ready for pulling real quick and we got
two Cornish game hens with secret dry
rub cooked on the rotisserie of a weber
genesis gas grill from dave draws in
North Cape May New Jersey I don't think
we've done that one either a nice great
plate from Harry a cousin about 16 I
look great Boston butts on the Alvar on
so we sold them on our Orion
that's awesome Matilda there Annie Harry
Lawrence out in Columbia great Columbia
South Carolina hometown boy
and thanks for sending the great place
so tell me what you do and that's
wonderful right there we we really
hooked up the pig candy we put the bacon
down on some foil
we've here some brown sugar on top of
that because gotta have brown sugar you
can use any sugar source you want to
make to make P kid syrup is good jellies
are good as long as it's a good heavy
sugar content and then I use some stuff
called hot squeeze which is a kind of uh
Chipotle jelly sauce I mean I can tell
already so there's our bacon that looks
yummy
I think we should make us a BLT so this
is like a pig this is a pig candy be
able to hit candy BLT so we got our
bread and I say that since we are here
let's just use all the baby you're gonna
do baking tomorrow he'll do bacon big is
there really ever any leftover bacon
I've never really had leftover big it
doesn't exist we make thick candy all
the time you know bill I know you do too
you like to make big candy I think that
we have we did a show specifically on
pitkannan do you know like so we
probably have what 12 strips of bacon
right there and then we have our
lettuces are fresh come in yeah there we
go we'll throw that right on there like
that let's get one more
that was good and this is our fresh
lettuce from the garden right on top
though it's the finishing touch and we
use a nice Dukes horse give the favor
I use Duke's is why I like hanging fix
just hanging for me all right Manny is
on we got a cut in half let's cut in
quarters and share with everybody have
some guests out here
I put extra sweet pink candy BLTs by
local think global stay sustainable on
every chance you get hug your mama